(J.D.) When you're
really crazy about someone,
even waking up
isn't so bad anymore.
Good morning.
(J.D.) The air feels crisper,
the sun seems brighter...
Even your morning breath
smells good.
You taste like old eggs.
Oh, my God.
I'm so sorry.
(whispering)
I love old eggs.
You are so different from the guys
I usually go out with.
-How so?
-Oh. For starters...
I'm still wearing pants.
Yeah. Well, that is
because I respect you.
-Oh, yeah.
-Yeah.
And also this triple knot
I couldn't get out. Arr!
Hey, thanks for being
so patient with me.
I hope you don't think
I'm a big tease.
I just... I love sleeping
in the same bed with you.
I've never slept better,
you know?
Me neither.
You know, in fact,
I'll go ahead and say it.
I hope we
never have sex.
What would you say if I told you
that I feel ready right now?
Whatever.
Oh, okay. Then I think tonight
we should get a nice bottle--
Yeah, tonight is good,
but I think now, also good.
Yeah. Now works. Sure.
Now, that's what
I'm talking about.
Get out!
7:15, y'all.
Gotta go to work. Let's go!
♪ I can't do this
All on my own, no ♪
♪ I'm no, I'm no Superman ♪
♪ I'm no Superman ♪
(J.D.) Since Alex is a social worker,
she's here a lot.
For some guys,
that would be distracting,
but I'm staying focused.
You're on my foot.
Oh, God. I'm so sorry.
I'm sorry.
Oof. No, please.
Step on my foot.
I'm just waitin' for an excuse.
Not today.
Really? Why not?
Oh, I get it.
Nice pull. Thanks.
Slept with her yet?
What?
I'm, I am not discussing that
with you.
-That's a no.
-Listen, jolly green.
People's personal lives
are just that.
-They're personal.
-That's a definite no.
It's good to see you again,
Mr. Barnes.
We'll be with you in a moment.
Put him in bed 6.
Tell me, Laverne,
are you, in fact,
part golden retriever?
Keep it holy now.
I only ask because every time
I toss this guy,
you bring him right back to me.
All right, Will & Grace.
Breakdown.
Judging by Mr. Barnes'
elevated lipase,
I'd say it's pancreatitis.
Okay. Grace,
you wanna finish?
Start him on a
Demerol drip and--
Oh, the throbbing's back.
Mr. Barnes has been admitted
for substance abuse
3 times in the past year.
Yeah, but he said he quit.
Oh, the addict said he quit?
Why wouldn't you
tell me something like that?
'Cause don't you see?
That changes everything.
I believe in Mr. Barnes.
Lookit, newbie, just because
you have a new girlfriend
doesn't mean that the world
has suddenly turned
into a giant green M&M.
The Red Sox still suck.
They do.
Barbie here still
can't decide what to do
with those annoying bangs,
and addicts everywhere
will still lie, cheat,
and steal just to get a fix.
Now, you've got to wake up,
sweetheart.
You're gonna be late for school.
Aw, you wet the bed.
Why can't I have a normal child,
without these problems?
My mom says
they frame my face.
They don't.
Oh, wait. Please!
Wait. Wait. Wait.
Wait! Wait. Wait.
Go, bus.
Go! Go. Go. Go.
Yeah! Yes!
She didn't see you, Bob.
Just stay perfectly still.
Dr. Kelso?
(knocks on glass)
Can I get a ride
to the hospital?
Oh, of course, dear.
Glad to do it.
Dr. Cox and I have been friends
for a long time.
You should get to know him.
Do I have to?
Yeah, you have to.
In case you were wondering,
it says "if you can read this,
you're standing too close."
No, I wasn't trying to,
you know, look--
Now let's see if you can tinkle
when someone's staring at you.
Yeah, go ahead
and take your time.
I actually have all day.
(whispering)
Come on.
Now, I've been Mr. Barnes'
case worker for a long time.
He just needs everyone
to cut him some slack, you know?
Yeah. Hey, let me get
this door for you.
I mean, people just
don't understand addiction.
Why are we in the on-call room?
Oh.
So, have you, uh,
ever fooled around in here?
Yeah, lots of times.
Never with anyone, but...
-Would you like to change that?
-Yes, please.
Oh, hey. Hey, Elliot.
Um, can you come back
in, like, 2 minutes?
Hmm?
Or, like, 80 minutes?
I just wanted to tell you the nurses
did a check of the narcotics drawer,
and there's 50 Percocet missing.
What we should do is split up into
teams and search every room.
We'll take this one.
Fine.
You know they're gonna go
right to Mr. Barnes.
I'm gonna go check on him, okay?
-Uh, Alex?
-What?
I just don't like it
when you leave.
Come here.
Tonight we'll pick up
right where we left off.
20 bucks says
it never happens.
What, you're offended?
Hey, Bob. How are ya?
Fine, Allan.
Uh, today I think
I'll try a double half-caf
multi-foam latte mochaccino
with a shot of vanilla
and a sprinkle of nutmeg.
-So, black coffee?
-Bingo-bango.
Oh, my God.
These people actually like you.
Maybe you should just order.
Yes. I'll have an Espresso,
please. And...
What kind of scones
do you have today?
Ahem.
Son of a bitch. Do you mind, lady?
I am in a rush.
Oh, my goodness!
I'm so sorry.
What am I doing,
thinking I can take
an extra 6 seconds
to pick my breakfast?
I'm gonna have
to call my mom
and tell her she did
a lousy job raising me.
Thank you so much.
I, um, I think
what she means is,
she doesn't give
a crapuccino.
Allan, this is on me.
God help me, I love spunk.
Hey. How ya doin'?
Oh, hey. How are you?
Can I buy you a beer?
This is a men's room
for God's sake.
There is absolutely
no talking in here. Ever.
It's just so freaky, you know?
We're on the same pee schedule.
No, we're not.
No, we're not. No. No.
(J.D.)
This is not good.
Why would you assume
Mr. Barnes stole the Percocet?
There's lots of people
on that ward.
That's a good point.
Yeah, and 3 of them
are in comas,
2 others can't walk,
and one's a nun.
Also a very valid point.
Look, Elliot, I'm sure
Mr. Barnes didn't take the drugs.
He's been in rehab
for over 6 months.
There's no reason to be
so judgmental.
I am not judgmental.
If I were, I'd tell you
your shoes are ugly.
Do not stoop to her level.
Your bangs make you look
like a chipmunk.
It's a frame.
Why can nobody see that?
Can we get back
to the matter at hand?
This is about Mr. Barnes.
-Fine. So who do you think's right?
-Yeah?
(J.D.)
Oh, crap.
Aw, for the love of Oprah.
Why, why, why would
you come to pediatrics?
'Cause I can't go
unless you're around.
You're my little pee buddy.
What do you say
we cut to the chase?
You're datin' Carla,
the one person in this hospital
I can remotely stand,
and she wants us to get
all kissy face with each other.
I get it. I do.
But you see, every single time
I shake my magic eight ball
and ask it "are we gonna be
best friends forever?"
Do you know what it says?
Outlook is buh-leak.
Well, Dr. Cox,
you really can't trust those things.
I mean, when I was 9,
I asked mine
if I should crack it open
and drink the fluid inside.
I puked blue
for, like, 3 days.
Just a real cute story.
Here's what you're gonna do.
Go back to Carla
and don't obsess
about why she's with you
in the first place.
Just tell her
we went to a ball game,
and we borrowed
each other's sweaters.
Okay, little buddy?
-What a--
-(toilet flushes)
Well, I don't think
we should stand for it.
Dr. Kelso can't just decide
we're not allowed to switch
shifts anymore.
I was supposed to go see
my nephew tonight in Pippin.
-Who is he playin'?
-Pippin.
Bob Kelso is a bad man.
I don't know.
I mean, we never think about
how hard it is to always be
the bad guy, ya know?
I want him to die.
Hello, sweetness.
Ladies. Carla,
I was thinking about
what you said this morning
about your mother's birthday,
and I don't want her
spending it alone,
so I've arranged
for you to swap shifts
with a nurse on the third floor.
Oh, Dr. Kelso--
Don't mention it.
And should I pick you up tomorrow
morning at the same place?
Um--
Great. Good-bye,
all you smiling faces.
So, who'd you side with,
Elliot or Alex?
Neither.
I just pretended I was paged.
Then when they said
they didn't hear anything,
I called them both liars
and ran away.
-Smooth.
-Yeah.
You know,
they both have a point.
-Stick to the Booty principle.
-What's that?
The Booty principle.
Which one do you wanna sleep with?
Alex.
Then I think she might be right.
(J.D.)
I'm not sure about Turk's advice.
I mean, sometimes
he oversimplifies things.
Especially when it comes to booty.
What would you say if I told you
I feel ready right now?
I agree with Alex.
Yeah, I've been thinking
about it a lot.
And I think that, you know,
she's right about Mr. Barnes.
-We can't just jump to conclusions.
-Oh, I am so surprised.
Hey, tell me something.
What do you think about Alex?
No way.
I'm not saying anything
about a girl that
you're sleeping with.
He's not sleeping with her.
I'm serious.
Look. No ramifications.
-Nothing. Just tell me--
-I don't like her. I don't trust her.
And I'm afraid that
she's gonna hurt you.
-You're jealous.
-Oh, shut up.
So shut up because
you're so jealous of her
that you don't even care
that I'm happy for once.
Do you honestly believe
that's what's going on here?
(J.D.)
Do not, under any circumstances,
say what you're thinking.
I'm sorry, but you had
your chance with me.
(J.D.)
Why don't I ever listen to me?
(J.D.) You know what?
Don't worry about yesterday
Elliot's not the type of girl
that holds a grudge.
Then again...
You see, I think that
you should tell your neighbor
that you will hang your hammock
wherever you damn well please,
and if she doesn't like it,
she can just move.
Well, that's what I like
about you, Carla.
You don't give a rat's ass
what anybody thinks.
(woman 1) Morning, Dr. Kelso.
Nurses. Oh, get up.
I wanna apologize for not
showing up last night.
I got home, I sat on the couch.
I just totally passed out.
You know, I wasn't even sure
we had a definite plan, so...
Anyway, I'm sorry
I couldn't make it.
She seems sorry.
I am, too.
Someone call
for a surgical consult?
-You're Dr. Turk?
-Mm-hmm.
Of course you are.
Note to self:
You've got to start
writing down the names
of people that truly annoy you.
Yeah. Yeah.
Um, what's up?
This guy has
2 vessel disease,
and he hasn't been tried
on medical management,
so he's got a couple options...
(J.D.) When an attending
calls a lowly intern for a consult,
it's an unwritten law
that the intern should agree
with whatever he says.
Don't you agree?
Actually, sir, uh,
I recommend bypass surgery.
Wow, that's my pager.
You're wrong.
He's so wrong.
You make me so angry, I...
I...
I have to pee.
Me, too.
(J.D.) Look at her. She's
not even gonna say hi to me.
Fine, I won't say hi to her.
Ever.
I can't believe
how stubborn she is.
She's not even
moving out of the way.
I am the wrong man
to play chicken with, missy.
She'll blink.
Any second now.
She is so stubborn.
Laverne, could you
hand me some gauze, please?
Maybe Dr. Kelso can pick you up
in the morning
and take you to the gauze store.
All right, now listen.
Carla, this paperwork
has your signature on it,
and it is totally subpar.
I won't stand for this kind
of shoddy work.
Let me help you, honey.
All right. So you
went behind my back
and got an intern
to agree with you
so the guy doesn't get surgery.
Oh, no. Ya caught me.
Cox, a bypass is the right call.
Considering the inherent
risk in surgery--
the guy is a diabetic
with 2 vessel disease--
Anti-anginals could be
equally effective.
So we agree that either treatment
could work?
Yeah, sure.
-Then what the hell are we arguing about?
-Hey.
-Hey, baby.
-Hi, sweetie.
(J.D.) And it was just
then that they realized
what was really going on.
Dr. Cox was in love
with Turk's girlfriend.
Either one of you want half
a sandwich?
I'm all set.
So every Tox screen came back
negative on Mr. Barnes.
He didn't take anything.
-So?
-So, you were wrong.
It's not about that
anymore, is it?
(J.D.) When you can't
make things right
with one of your best friends,
nothing can make you feel better.
Hey, I'm finally off.
Do you wanna get out of here?
(cell phone rings)
-Hello?
-So, are we doing this, or what?
-(Carla) Dr. Kelso.
-Yes, what is it?
I wanted to thank you.
For what you did.
You know, when
you yelled at me
in front of the other nurses,
I appreciate it.
Young lady, I yelled at you
because that paperwork
looked like
it had been done
by a drunk 4-year-old.
Listen, Carla. I have a family
who loves me,
a handful of close friends,
and a wonderful hobby shop
in my basement.
I don't spend
much time worrying
about people's feelings around here.
I just do whatever
makes me happy.
So...
Can I still get a ride tomorrow?
I don't know if I've forgiven you
yet for hiding this morning.
But, uh...
You can always skip the bus tomorrow
morning and take your chances.
Look, we're both men.
One of us a little more
than the other, but that's okay.
-What do you want?
-I'm not gonna do anything to mess up
what you got with Carla.
That's not my game.
I won't tell Carla how you feel
about her. It's not my place.
But the minute
you screw this thing up,
and you will screw it up,
I'll be waiting.
Well, if you gotta wait,
I'd bring a book,
'cause it's gonna be a while.
-You goin' in?
-Oh, yeah. I'm right behind you.
Cool.
You remember, like, when the new
Star Wars movie came out,
and it was all built up,
and then people went to see it,
and it really wasn't
that great in bed?
Relax.
The first one's a freebie,
so you can get your form back.
I'm gonna change.
♪ Mm-mm, uh-uh ♪
♪ Don't look, no, no ♪
I already brushed, like, 8 times,
but I'm gonna take some mints
out of your purse.
See? All I did was lose the pants,
but I think it gives me
a completely different look.
These are Percocet.
(sighs) J.D.--
So you never came
over here last night
'cause you just passed out.
Yeah. I should...
I should go. Yeah.
(J.D.) The speech
always sounds the same,
no matter whose mouth
it comes out of.
Even if it's someone you thought
you could really like.
Okay, look.
You don't understand.
Okay? My job comes
with a lot of stress.
It's not like
I have a serious problem.
(J.D.) We ended up talking
for a while after that.
I gave her some names
of people that could help her.
But she never got back to me.
After that, things pretty much
got back to normal.
You owe me 20 bucks.
-No. But I never even made--
-20 bucks.
♪ Scoo-doma
Ma-ma Lee ♪
♪ My, my ♪
♪ Scoo-doma
Ma-ma Lee ♪
♪ My, my ♪
♪ Scoo-doma
Ma-ma Lee ♪
♪ My, my ♪
♪ I was taught
When I was young ♪
♪ To share myself
To show my love ♪
♪ Smile at everyone
To shine above the sun ♪
♪ Now I'm standing next to you ♪
♪ I think I've changed
My point of view ♪
♪ I've noticed you can tell ♪
♪ You're fighting for my love ♪
All right, I should've done this
a long time ago.
So, here goes.
I'm sorry.
I shouldn't have accused you
of being jealous
when you were just
looking out for me.
And you were right about Alex.
You never did sleep with her,
did you?
Nah.
But why does that matter?
♪ You're fighting for my love ♪
Because I was jealous.
♪ When I kiss ♪
♪ Yeah-yeah
Yeah-yeah, oh, my ♪
You sure?
♪ Mm, mm, mmm ♪
♪ Mmm, my love ♪
♪ Now I'm coming back for you
Figured out I'm missing you ♪
-What are you thinking about?
-This.
♪ And looked around ♪
♪ Seems you found a better fish ♪
♪ I must confess, I had a wish ♪
♪ To love you all alone ♪
♪ But you fight me for my love ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah, my love ♪
♪ Fight me for my love ♪